groups                  Group concepts and commands.

All ICB users are divided into "groups". A group may be thought of
as a room, where what you say out loud goes to everyone else in that
group.  In keeping with the CB analogy, you may think of a group as a
channel.

Users can jump from group to group, and create their own new groups.
When the last person leaves a group, it disappears.

Group Attributes

Groups have three administrative attributes: moderatorship,
visibility, and volume.  The values of these attributes appear as
three letters in parentheses next to the group name.

1. Moderatorship

	A group may be public (p), moderated (m), or restricted (r).  A public
	group has no moderator; no one person has any more control over
	the group than any other.  A moderated group has a single 
	moderator, whose nickname appears in the group header and
	is starred in the group listing.  Only the moderator may change
	the group attributes, set the group topic, boot people out of the
	group, and issue invitations into the group.  A restricted group
	is a moderated group which no-one may enter without an invitation.

2. Visibility

	A group may be visible (v), secret (s), or invisible (i).  A visible
	group is one whose name and occupants are visible to everyone on
	ICB.  A secret group is one whose occupants are visible, but whose
	name is not; the group name shows up as '*Secret'.  This prevents
	anyone who does not know the group name from entering the group.
	An invisible group does not show up in the /w listing at all unless
	you are in that group.  However, it is counted in the summary
	statistics at the bottom of the /w listing.
	
3. Volume

	A group may be quiet (q), normal (n), or loud (l).  In a quiet group,
 	no open messages are permitted.  If you wish to receive only personal
	messages, a quiet group is a good place to hang out.  In a normal
	group, open messages are permitted.  Loud is the same as normal,
	with one exception: if the group is restricted and someone without an
	invitation tries to enter the group, the moderator will receive a
	message indicating that fact.

Creating your own group automatically makes you the moderator of that group.
Additionally, the moderator of any group may at any time decide to turn over
moderatorship of that group to you.  

Numeric groups are initially public, visible, and loud (pvl).  Named groups
are initially moderated, visible, and loud (mvl), with two exceptions.  If
the group name begins with a single period, the group is initially secret.
If the group names begins with two or more periods, the group is initially
invisible.

Commands

The following are the commands for manipulating groups.  Commands marked with
(m) may only be issued by the moderator if the group is moderated; otherwise
anyone may issue them.  Commands marked with (M) may only be issued by the
moderator; if there is no moderator, no-one may issue them.

	group <groupname> 	change to a new group, creating it if it
				does not exist.

(m)	topic [<string>] 	set or display the current topic string

	status			display group attributes, topic, and invitation
				list
(m)	status [pmrqnlvsi]	set group attributes
(M)	status name <newname>	change the group's name

	topic 			display the topic string
(m)	topic <string>		set the topic string

(m)	invite [<nickname>]	invite someone to the group

(M)	boot <nickname>		kick someone out of the group

(M)	pass [<nickname>]	turn moderation over to someone else, or
				give up moderation completely
