input           Input and editing characters

EDITING CHARACTERS

ICB uses the GNU readline library for input lines.  This library lets you
edit commands as you type them and retrieve previous commands that you have
typed.  Readline will emulate either of the vi or emacs editors; you may control
which by using the 'oset' command to set the 'editmode' variable to either
"vi" or "emacs".  The original default is picked up by the setting of your
EDITOR environment variable; if that variable is not set, vi is used.


NICKNAME HISTORY

ICB remembers to whom you send messages, and makes those names
available by hitting the TAB key at the beginning of a line. This makes
sending personals very easy. Try it! If you strike the TAB key more
than once at the beginning of a line, it cycles through the list of
personals, up to the number specified by the "history" variable.

If you have already typed a command and part of a nickname when you hit
TAB, it will attempt to complete the nickname from the list in your 
history.  If you have already typed a command, a nickname, and more text on the
line, then pressing TAB will cause the nickname to cycle through your history
without affecting the rest of your command line.

You may selectively delete nicknames from your history with the "hdel"
command, or you may use the "hclear" to completely clear out this history list
and start over.

If you set the value of the "autodel" variable to "true", then any nickname
that generates a "not signed on" error message will be automatically removed
from your history .


THE COMMAND CHARACTER

All lines starting with the command character are assumed to be commands.
If you wish to send a line of text starting with the command character,
type it double at the beginning of the line.   The default command character
is '/'; you may change it by changing the value of the 'commandchar' variable.


TCL QUOTING

Tcl has several characters with special meaning. For example, dollar
sign "$" is assumed to start a variable. So that users don't get
confused when things don't work as expected, all command input is
specially quoted to make Tcl ignore these special characters. If you
wish the line to be unquoted, use the "tcl" command, giving the line
you want unquoted as the argument. Tcl will operate on the rest of the
line at full functionality.
