variables            Setting icb customization variables.

ICB has several variables you can set to customize the way icb works. This
is done using the "oset" command. There are three ways to use the oset
command:

oset            Display the value of all variables.
oset var        Display the value of a particular variable.
oset var value  Set the value of a variable.
ounset var	Unset a variable.

The variables and their effect are listed below. Boolean (bool) fields
are either "true" or "false". Setting them to "true", "on", "yes" "y",
or "1", sets them to true. Setting them to "false", "off", "no" "n",
or "0", sets them to false. "Nneg" fields are nonnegative integers.
A "char" field will use the first character only of an argument.

ICB VARIABLES

autodel		(boolean)		default: false

    If true, whenever you receive an error from the server indicating that
    a nickname is not signed on, that nickname will be deleted from your
    "tab" history.

autoreg		(boolean)		default: false

   If true, whenever the server sends a message indicating that you must
   send your password to register your nickname, the client will prompt you
   for your password and send it to the server.

beeps           (boolean)               default: true

    If true, a received beep will make your terminal beep (with a ^G).
    If false, you will still get the beep message, but no actual beep.

bufferlines     (nneg)                  default: 250

    ICB keeps a buffer of the messages that have gone by. You can review
    this buffer with the replay command.

commandchar     (char)                  default: '/'

    Commandchar is the character used at the beginning of a line to
    prefix an icb command. Note that the backslash character always
    works and can't be changed, so if you set it and forget it, use
    backslash. (Joe Isuzu alert: this is a lie, backslash doesn't work).

cute		(boolean)		default: true

    If true, then ICB will generate a random cute message every time you
    hit RETURN on a blank line.

editmode	(string)		default: ${EDITOR:-vi}

    This variable may be set to either "vi", for vi-style input editing,
    or "emacs", for emacs-style input editing.  The default is determined
    from the environment variable EDITOR.  If EDITOR is not set, the
    default is vi.

groupblanks     (boolean)               default: false

    In a who command, this causes a blank line to be printed before
    each group.

history         (nneg)                  default: 15

    This controls the number of nicknames recallable with the history
    key, usually TAB.

logfile         (string)                default: icb.log

    The default filename used for session logs.

logreplay	(boolean)		default: false

   If true, then the output of the /replay or /display command will go
   into the logfile, if logging is active.  The value of this variable may
   be overridden for a single replay command by specifying -log or -nolog.

pagesize        (integer)               default: -1   (see below)

    If this is nonzero, paging is in effect, and a more prompt will be
    displayed every pagesize lines. Hitting a space continues, hitting any
    other character begins a line of input. If you set pagesize to -1, icb
    will set it to your terminal's "rows" parameter minus one. If the rows
    parameter isn't set, icb will assume you have 24 lines and set it to 23.

personalto	(string)		default: "" 

    If this is a nonempty string, then any text typed that is not a 
    command will be sent as a personal message to the nickname contained
    in this variable.  /ounset will set this variable to the empty string,
    so that non-command text will go out as a public message to your
    group.
 
    If you specify the -permanent flag on the /message command, this
    variable will be set to the target of that /m.  The -clear flag of
    /message will unset this variable.

pauseonshell    (boolean)               default: false

    When pauseonshell is true, icb will ask you to hit return when a
    shell command is finished. Since a large amount of icb output may be
    waiting for your screen, this gives you a chance to see the output
    of your command.

restricted      (boolean)               default: false

    Restricted shuts off the ability to run subshell commands or to
    read or write files. It makes it icb reasonably secure for use as
    a shell.

tabreply	(boolean)		default: false

    If true, then the source nickname of incoming personal messages will
    be placed into the tab history.

timedisplay     (string)                default: "normal"

    Timedisplay controls how time is printed out by the c_time primitive,
    and thus the /time command. Valid strings are:

        "cute"      Prints the time as you might say it.
        "normal"    Normal time display.
        "military"  Military time display.

verifyquit      (boolean)               default: false

    If this is true, you are asked to verify anytime you quit icb.
